Purpose of the game (from a creator's standpoint) is to create a platform
for AI to learn by competing against itself, much like the famous 1960s
checkers case from IBM. After playing against copies of itself, the AI
will (with luck) become competent enough to play against a human.

The game will be a simultaneous turn based game. This way there is uncertainty
not only about what opponents will do in the future, but about what opponents
will do "right now." Similar to real time games. I've chosen turn based
because that will be computationally much easier. Real time AI is full
of difficulties that I don't want to try to tackle for now. The game will
also be tile-based to allow for easier graph-theoretic processing.

I'm imagining a simplified version of the game "frozen synapse." Two 
players exist on the same tileset. The tileset consists of barriers and
free spaces. Characters have a few limited options to choose from each turn.
For example, characters have two "action points" each turn that they can use.
They can use action points to either move, attack, or defend. Since they have
two move points, they choose any two combination action. E.g. they could
move twice; attack then defend, move then defend; etc. Attacking might consist
of shooting a gun. Defending might consist of holding up a shield. Moving 
consists of traveling to an adjacent tile. The object of the game would be
to kill the opponent. Possibly there would be a second objective of
arriving at a specific tile (e.g. like capturing the enemy flag).

The exact mechanics will have to be worked out. For example, if one player
attacks while the other moves, does the attacking player have to attack the
adjacent square where his opponent moves into? If a player defends, does this
entirely negate the attack or just lessen its effects?

The AI will be trained probably using a genetic algorithm (maybe a genetic
tree like the DOD guy at 8451?) that searches a decision parameter space.
For example, variables might be things like: do you have a direct shot
at your opponent? Are you within N moves of having a direct shot? What is
your health? What is your opponent's health? Do you tend to greedily charge
at your opponent until you are within range? Do you tend to wait? Do you
charge towards the middle of the battlefield and set up a defensive position?
Where is the nearest barrier that provides cover from fire? Does it have an 
escape route?
